[Music]
five exercises to get beautiful arms in
30 days almost all of us start
struggling with weak muscles and flabby
arms as we get older there are a lot of
reasons that cause it high calorie meals
sedentary lifestyle lack of exercise
genetics and others however here's the
good news you can tighten up your arm
muscles in just one month all you need
to do is perform the following five
simple exercises regularly by the way
exercise number five will help you not
only strengthen your arm muscles but
also improve your posture and make your
stomach flat one counter push-ups this
type of push-up can tone your arms very
fast here are the instructions place
your hands on the counter shoulder-width
apart and keep your back straight stand
on your toes and keep your shoulders
down and back bend your elbows and come
down to touch the counter with your
chest then straighten your elbows and
return to the starting position do three
sets of 20 reps every day and the result
will not be long in coming to chear dips
first sit down on the edge of your chair
and place your hands behind you
shoulder-width apart with fingers facing
forward slide your body forward until
your buttocks are off the chair slowly
lower your body until your shoulder
joints are below your elbows push back
up until your elbows are nearly straight
try to do three sets of 20 reps every
single day
[Music]
three side plank start in a push-up
position with your shoulders over your
hands shift your weight onto your right
hand and rotate your chest to the left
as you raise your left arm keep your
body in a straight line and both arms in
line with your shoulders
hold for 10 to 20 seconds on both sides
for the best results you need to do
three sets of five reps for one arm
push-up first lie on your left side and
slightly bend your knees put your left
arm on your right shoulder press your
right palm into the floor until it's
straight and lift your body up repeat 10
times on each side keep in mind that you
should make this exercise routine a
daily one five Mountain Pose this
universal exercise will help you make
your arms and back stronger also it will
strengthen the muscles of your stomach
and buttocks put your hand slightly in
front of your shoulders and knees
underneath your hips raise your knees
off the floor lifting your tailbone
toward the ceiling keep your chest
downwards so that the entire wave is on
your hands and toes it should look like
an inverted V hold for twenty to thirty
seconds keep your spine and knees
straight return to the starting position
and repeat five times perform these
exercises correctly and regularly and
you'll be surprised with the results in
a month your arm muscles will get
stronger and your skin will tighten
[Music]
don't forget to share this video with
those who are looking for a great
workout program hit the like button
below and click subscribe to stay on the
bright side of life